internal	rw----	xcsv		? Character Separated Values
file	--rw--	alantrl	trl	Alan Map500 tracklogs (.trl)
file	rw--rw	alanwpr	wpr	Alan Map500 waypoints and routes (.wpr)
internal	rw----	tabsep		All database fields on one tab-separated line
serial	--r---	baroiq		Brauniger IQ Series Barograph Download
file	--rw--	bushnell_trl	trl	Bushnell GPS Trail file
file	rw----	bushnell	wpt	Bushnell GPS Waypoint file
file	rw----	cambridge	dat	Cambridge/Winpilot glider software
file	r-r-r-	cst	cst	CarteSurTable data file
file	r-r---	v900		Columbus/Visiontac V900 files (.csv)
file	rw----	csv		Comma separated values
file	rwrwrw	compegps		CompeGPS data files (.wpt/.trk/.rte)
internal	rw----	custom		Custom "Everything" Style
file	--rw--	iblue747	csv	Data Logger iBlue747 csv
file	--rw--	iblue757	csv	Data Logger iBlue757 csv
file	rw-wrw	an1	an1	DeLorme .an1 (drawing) file
file	--rw--	gpl	gpl	DeLorme GPL
file	rw----	saplus		DeLorme Street Atlas Plus
file	--r---	saroute	anr	DeLorme Street Atlas Route
file	rw----	xmap	wpt	DeLorme XMap HH Native .WPT
file	rw----	xmap2006	txt	DeLorme XMap/SAHH 2006 Native .TXT
file	rw----	xmapwpt		DeLorme XMat HH Street Atlas USA .WPT (PPC)
file	----rw	destinator_itn	dat	Destinator Itineraries (.dat)
file	rw----	destinator_poi	dat	Destinator Points of Interest (.dat)
file	--rw--	destinator_trl	dat	Destinator TrackLogs (.dat)
file	rw----	easygps	loc	EasyGPS binary format
file	rw----	exif	jpg	Embedded Exif-GPS data (.jpg)
file	--r---	energympro	cpo	Energympro GPS training watch
file	----rw	enigma	ert	Enigma binary waypoint file (.ert)
file	rwrwrw	shape	shp	ESRI shapefile
file	--r---	f90g	map	F90G Automobile DVR GPS log file
file	--rwrw	igc		FAI/IGC Flight Recorder Data Format
file	-wrw--	garmin_fit	fit	Flexible and Interoperable Data Transfer (FIT) Activity file
file	rw----	flysight	csv	FlySight GPS File
file	-w-w-w	gpssim	gpssim	Franson GPSGate Simulation
file	rw----	fugawi	txt	Fugawi
file	r-r-r-	g7towin	g7t	G7ToWin data files (.g7t)
file	rw----	garmin301		Garmin 301 Custom position and heartrate
file	--rw--	garmin_g1000	csv	Garmin G1000 datalog input filter file
file	--rw--	glogbook	xml	Garmin Logbook XML
file	rwrwrw	gdb	gdb	Garmin MapSource - gdb
file	rwrwrw	mapsource	mps	Garmin MapSource - mps
file	rwrwrw	garmin_txt	txt	Garmin MapSource - txt (tab delimited)
file	rwrwrw	pcx	pcx	Garmin PCX5
file	rw----	garmin_poi		Garmin POI database
file	rw----	garmin_gpi	gpi	Garmin Points of Interest (.gpi)
serial	rwrwrw	garmin		Garmin serial/USB protocol
file	r-rw--	gtrnctr	tcx/crs/hst/xml	Garmin Training Center (.tcx/.crs/.hst/.xml)
file	rw----	geo	loc	Geocaching.com .loc
file	rwrwrw	ggv_ovl	ovl	Geogrid-Viewer ascii overlay file (.ovl)
file	--r---	ggv_bin	ovl	Geogrid-Viewer binary overlay file (.ovl)
file	--rw--	ggv_log	log	Geogrid-Viewer tracklogs (.log)
file	rwrwrw	geojson	json	GeoJson
file	rw----	geonet	txt	GEOnet Names Server (GNS)
serial	r-r---	dg-100		GlobalSat DG-100/BT-335 Download
serial	r-r---	dg-200		GlobalSat DG-200 Download
serial	--r---	globalsat		GlobalSat GH625XT GPS training watch
file	--r---	googledir	xml	Google Directions XML
file	rwrwrw	kml	kml	Google Earth (Keyhole) Markup Language
file	--rw--	gnav_trl	trl	Google Navigator Tracklines (.trl)
file	--rw--	gopal	trk	GoPal GPS track log (.trk)
file	--rw--	land_air_sea	txt	GPS Tracking Key Pro text
file	rwrwrw	gtm	gtm	GPS TrackMaker
file	rw----	arc	txt	GPSBabel arc filter file
file	rw----	gpsdrive		GpsDrive Format
file	rw----	gpsdrivetrack		GpsDrive Format for Tracks
file	rw----	gpsman		GPSman
file	rw----	gpsutil		gpsutil
file	rwrwrw	gpx	gpx	GPX XML
file	rwrw--	hiketech	gps	HikeTech
file	rw----	holux	wpo	Holux (gm-100) .wpo Format
file	r-r---	m241-bin	bin	Holux M-241 (MTK based) Binary File Format
serial	--r---	m241		Holux M-241 (MTK based) download
file	--r---	vpl		Honda/Acura Navigation System VP Log File Format
file	-w----	html	html	HTML Output
file	r-rwr-	humminbird_ht	ht	Humminbird tracks (.ht)
file	rwr-rw	humminbird	hwr	Humminbird waypoints and routes (.hwr)
file	--rw--	ignrando	rdn	IGN Rando track files
file	rw----	igoprimo_poi	upoi	iGo Primo points of interest (.upoi)
file	rw----	igo2008_poi	upoi	iGO2008 points of interest (.upoi)
file	--rw--	igo8	trk	IGO8 .trk
internal	r-r-r-	random		Internal GPS data generator
file	--rw--	jtr	jtr	Jelbert GeoTagger data file
file	--r---	jogmap	xml	Jogmap.de XML format
file	--rw--	kompass_tk	wp	Kompass (DAV) Track (.tk)
file	rw----	kompass_wp	wp	Kompass (DAV) Waypoints (.wp)
file	rwrwrw	psitrex		KuDaTa PsiTrex text
file	rwrwrw	lowranceusr	usr	Lowrance USR
file	rw----	maggeo	gs	Magellan Explorist Geocaching
file	rwrwrw	mapsend		Magellan Mapsend
file	rwrwrw	magellanx	upt	Magellan SD files (as for eXplorist)
file	rwrwrw	magellan		Magellan SD files (as for Meridian)
serial	rwrwrw	magellan		Magellan serial protocol
file	r-r---	ik3d	ikt	MagicMaps IK3D project file (.ikt)
file	--rw--	mainnav	nav	Mainnav
file	----r-	tef	xml	Map&Guide 'TourExchangeFormat' XML
file	--rw--	mapasia_tr7	tr7	MapAsia track file (.tr7)
file	--r---	mapbar	trk	Mapbar (China) navigation track for Sonim Xp3300
file	rw----	mapfactor	xml	Mapfactor Navigator
file	rw----	mapconverter	txt	Mapopolis.com Mapconverter CSV
file	rw----	mxf	mxf	MapTech Exchange Format
file	r-r---	mtk_locus		MediaTek Locus
file	rwrwrw	mmo	mmo	Memory-Map Navigator overlay files (.mmo)
file	rw----	s_and_t	txt	Microsoft Streets and Trips 2002-2007
serial	r-r---	miniHomer		MiniHomer, a skyTraq Venus 6 based logger (download tracks, waypoints and get/set POI)
file	--r---	garmin_xt		Mobile Garmin XT Track files
file	rw----	motoactv	csv	Motoactiv CSV
file	----rw	bcr	bcr	Motorrad Routenplaner (Map&Guide) .bcr files
file	r-r---	mtk-bin	bin	MTK Logger (iBlue 747,...) Binary File Format
serial	r-r---	mtk		MTK Logger (iBlue 747,Qstarz BT-1000,...) download
file	--r---	mynav	trc	MyNav TRC format
file	rw----	tpg	tpg	National Geographic Topo .tpg (waypoints)
file	--r---	tpo2	tpo	National Geographic Topo 2.x .tpo
file	r-r-r-	tpo3	tpo	National Geographic Topo 3.x/4.x .tpo
file	r-----	navicache		Navicache.com XML
file	----rw	nmn4	rte	Navigon Mobile Navigator .rte files
file	rw----	navigonwpt		Navigon Waypoints
serial	rwrwrw	navilink		NaviGPS GT-11/BGT-11 Download
file	--r---	sbp	sbp	NaviGPS GT-31/BGT-31 datalogger (.sbp)
file	--r---	sbn	sbn	NaviGPS GT-31/BGT-31 SiRF binary logfile (.sbn)
file	rw----	naviguide	twl	Naviguide binary route file (.twl)
file	--rw--	navitel_trk	bin	Navitel binary track (.bin)
file	rw----	dna	dna	Navitrak DNA marker format
file	r-----	netstumbler		NetStumbler Summary File (text)
file	rw----	nima		NIMA/GNIS Geographic Names File
file	rwrw--	nmea		NMEA 0183 sentences
file	rw----	lmx		Nokia Landmark Exchange
file	rw-wrw	osm	osm	OpenStreetMap data files
file	rwrwrw	ozi		OziExplorer
file	--rw--	pocketfms_bc		PocketFMS breadcrumbs
file	r---r-	pocketfms_fp	xml	PocketFMS flightplan (.xml)
file	rw----	pocketfms_wp	txt	PocketFMS waypoints (.txt)
file	rw--rw	raymarine	rwf	Raymarine Waypoint File (.rwf)
file	--rw--	ricoh	log	Ricoh GPS Log File
file	rw----	cup	cup	See You flight analysis data
file	rwrwrw	skyforce		Skymap / KMD150 ascii files
serial	r-r---	skytraq		SkyTraq Venus based loggers (download)
file	r-r---	skytraq-bin	bin	SkyTraq Venus based loggers Binary File Format
file	---w--	subrip	srt	SubRip subtitles for video mapping (.srt)
file	--rwrw	stmsdf	sdf	Suunto Trek Manager (STM) .sdf files
file	rwrwrw	stmwpp	txt	Suunto Trek Manager (STM) WaypointPlus files
file	rwrw--	xol	xol	Swiss Map 25/50/100 (.xol)
file	rw----	openoffice		Tab delimited fields useful for OpenOffice
file	r-----	teletype		Teletype [ Get Jonathon Johnson to describe
file	-w----	text	txt	Textual Output
file	----rw	tomtom_itn	itn	TomTom Itineraries (.itn)
file	----rw	tomtom_itn_places	itn	TomTom Places Itineraries (.itn)
file	rw----	tomtom_asc	asc	TomTom POI file (.asc)
file	rw----	tomtom	ov2	TomTom POI file (.ov2)
file	rw----	tmpro	tmpro	TopoMapPro Places File
file	rwrw--	dmtlog	trl	TrackLogs digital mapping (.trl)
file	rw----	tiger		U.S. Census Bureau Tiger Mapping Service
file	rwrwrw	unicsv		Universal csv with field structure in first line
file	-w----	vcard	vcf	Vcard Output (for iPod)
file	--rw--	vidaone	gpb	VidaOne GPS for Pocket PC (.gpb)
file	rwrwrw	vitosmt	smt	Vito Navigator II tracks
file	--r---	vitovtt	vtt	Vito SmartMap tracks (.vtt)
file	r-----	wfff	xml	WiFiFoFum 2.0 for PocketPC XML
file	r-r---	wintec_tes	tes	Wintec TES file
file	--r---	wbt-bin	bin	Wintec WBT-100/200 Binary File Format
serial	r-r---	wbt		Wintec WBT-100/200 GPS Download
file	--r---	wbt-tk1	tk1	Wintec WBT-201/G-Rays 2 Binary File Format
serial	r-r---	itracku		XAiOX iTrackU Logger
file	rwrw--	itracku-bin	bin	XAiOX iTrackU Logger Binary File Format
file	r-----	yahoo		Yahoo Geocode API data
